ABSTRACT
The aim of this project is to create a Prioritized to-do list which lists everything that the user wants to do, with the most important tasks at the top of the list, and the least important tasks at the bottom. And by prioritizing tasks the user can know what tasks need their immediate attention and what you can leave until later. 
There are many methods for noting the priority of different tasks in your to do lists. One approach is to add stars or exclamation marks next to the high-priority tasks. Another approach is to use numbers or letters to rank tasks. You can also use underlining or circling or even change the size of your writing to indicate important items. In this project we will work on the data provided by the user and perform actions such as adding, prioritizing, and removing. It makes one’s work-life and personal life organized. It answers our queries by marking the tasks that are already performed with a checked symbol by clicking on the list. Additionally, the application will also list down the total number of To-do lists that are available and will also have an option to filter task based on priorities.  It consists of the requirements and the implementation where an input from the user can enter or type the task details and a drop-down menu to select the priority. The priority drop-down box has three priorities low, medium, and high. A web application that prioritizes to-do list for user convenience. Concepts applied are HTML, Bootstrap, JavaScript, and CSS. 
Priorities are classified as low, medium, and high. The color changes according to the priority selected. It will filter the tasks and prioritizes them. Web Application names priority-based to-do list. It consists of UI where user can create a new to-do list and assign a priority. Additionally, it will also list the total number of available lists. It has an option to filter tasks based on priorities. An additional feature that displays the weekly report of our tasks. The main aim of our work was to create an organized way to accomplish tasks.
